Add AI Agent start up guide (#37)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/quick-start-guides/deploy-your-first-ai-agent.md

    1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in using Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account.
    2. Enter a unique organization name. For example, `Stark Industries`.
    3. Read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use and click **Create**.
3. VSCode: [Install VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) if you don't have it installed already.

<!-- Todo finalize the names and structure -->
## Step 1: Attach a Git repository
1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in. This redirects you to the **Default** project or to the project you visited last.
2. On the project overview page, click **Attach a Git Repository**.
3. Click **Authorize with GitHub** to connect Devant to your GitHub account. If you haven't connected your GitHub repository to Devant, authorize the WSO2 cloud app stage with your GitHub account [WSO2 Cloud App](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps).
4. Under the **Organization** dropdown, click **+ Add**. This redirects you to the **Install WSO2 Cloud App Stage** page.
5. Select your GitHub account and install [WSO2 Cloud App](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps)

> 
>     !!! note
>         The **WSO2 Cloud App** requires:
>         - Read and write access to code and pull requests.
>         - Read access to issues and metadata.
> 
>         You can [revoke access](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations#reviewing-your-authorized-github-apps) at any time. Write access is used to push changes directly to your repository.
> 
> 7. Select your organization under the **Organization** dropdown. If your organization is not listed, click the Refetch button.
> 8. Select a repository to save your AI Agent. Optionally, you may select a **Branch** and a **Path** of the selected repository to save your AI Agent.
> 9. The **Name** and **Identifier** fields are automatically populated. Optionally, you can edit them to your preference.
> 10. Select the **Technology** as `Ballerina`.
> 11. Choose the **Integration Type** as `AI Agent` and click **Create**.
> 
> This redirects you to the overview page of the AI Agent. Now, let's develop the AI Agent.
> 
> ## Step 2: Install the Ballerina Integrator extension
> 
> 1. Click **Install Ballerina Integrator extension** on the overview page. This opens the VSCode extensions page.
> 2. Click **Install** to install the extension. This installs both **Ballerina Integrator** and **Ballerina** extensions on VSCode.
> 
> ## Step 3: Set up Ballerina Integrator for the first time
> 1. Click the Ballerina Integrator icon on the sidebar.
>    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-icon.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-icon.png" alt="Ballerina Integrator Icon" width="80%"></a>
> 2. Click **`Set Up Ballerina Integrator`**. The setup wizard installs and configures the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) distribution required for the Ballerina Integrator.
> 3. Click **`Restart VS Code`** to complete the setup.
>    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-setup.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-setup.gif" alt="Ballerina Integrator Setup" width="80%"></a>
> 
> ???+ info "Update Ballerina Integrator's Ballerina Distribution"
>     The setup wizard installs the Ballerina distribution required for the Ballerina Integrator into the `<USER_HOME>/.ballerina/ballerina-home` directory.
>     Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` on Windows and Linux, or `Shift + ⌘ + P` on a Mac and type `Ballerina: Update Ballerina Integrator` to update the installed Ballerina distribution.
> 
> ## Step 4: Develop AI Agent in VSCode
> 1. Goto the Overview page of the integration you have created and click **Develop in Ballerina Integrator**. This will clone your project and open in Ballerina Integrator.
> 2. In Ballerina Integrator design view, click **Add Artifact**.
> 3. Select **AI Chat Agent** from the Constructs menu. Since **AI Agent** is chosen from the Devant console, other options are disabled.
> 4. Provide the name of the Agent as `Math Tutor` and Click **Create**. This directs you to the AI Chat Agent diagram view.
> 5. Click **Create Integration** to create the integration project.
>    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/create-integration.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/create-integration.gif" alt="Create Integration" width="80%"></a>
> 6. In the design view, click **Add Construct**.
> 7. Select **AI Chat Agent** from the Constructs menu.
> <!-- Todo Need to add the remaining steps -->
> 
> 
> ## Step 5: Push to Devant <!-- Todo Update this if this is supported by the Ballerina Integrator extension itself -->
> 1. Click the **Source Control** icon on the sidebar.
> 2. Click **+** to stage all changes.
> 3. Add an appropriate commit message and commit.
> 4. Click **Sync Changes** to push the changes to remote.
> 
> ## Step 6: Test and Consume AI Agent
> 1. Once you push the changes, the overview page of the Devant AI Agent will automatically refresh and show you the **Latest Commit** and automatically builds and shows the **Build Status**.
> 
>     !!! note
>         The build process may take some time. Once complete, the build status changes to **Success**. You can see the Build History by clicking **Build** in the left navigation.
> 
> 2. Once the **Build Status** shows `Build completed`, it will get automatically deployed into the development card.
> 3. Send a prompt similar to the following to get the AI Agent response:
> 
> [//]: # (After successfully testing your service, explore other Devant features like [managing]&#40;../api-management/lifecycle-management.md&#41;, [observing]&#40;../monitoring-and-insights/observability-overview.md&#41;, and [DevOps]&#40;../devops-and-ci-cd/view-runtime-details.md&#41;.  <!-- Todo Update this with the real features -->)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy Your First AI Agent

## Overview

In this guide, you will:

- Create a simple AI Agent that provides math tutoring assistance.
- Use Ballerina Integrator to develop the AI Agent integration.
- Push the AI Agent to Devant from Ballerina Integrator, which will automatically build and deploy it into the development environment.
- Test the AI Agent by sending prompts.
- Promote it to the production environment and use it as an API.

<!-- Todo add a YouTube video tutorial for this quick start -->

## Prerequisites

1. GitHub account: [Create a GitHub account](https://github.com/signup) if you don't have one already.
2. If signing in to Devant for the first time, create an organization:
    1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in using Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account.
    2. Enter a unique organization name. For example, `Stark Industries`.
    3. Read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use and click **Create**.
3. VSCode: [Install VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) if you don't have it installed already.

<!-- Todo finalize the names and structure -->
## Step 1: Attach a Git repository
1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in. This redirects you to the **Default** project or to the project you visited last.
2. On the project overview page, click **Attach a Git Repository**.
3. Click **Authorize with GitHub** to connect Devant to your GitHub account. If you haven't connected your GitHub repository to Devant, authorize the WSO2 cloud app stage with your GitHub account [WSO2 Cloud App](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps).
4. Under the **Organization** dropdown, click **+ Add**. This redirects you to the **Install WSO2 Cloud App Stage** page.
5. Select your GitHub account and install [WSO2 Cloud App](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps)

    !!! note
        The **WSO2 Cloud App** requires:
        - Read and write access to code and pull requests.
        - Read access to issues and metadata.

        You can [revoke access](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations#reviewing-your-authorized-github-apps) at any time. Write access is used to push changes directly to your repository.

6. Select your organization under the **Organization** dropdown. If your organization is not listed, click the Refetch button.
7. Select a repository to save your AI Agent. Optionally, you may select a **Branch** and a **Path** of the selected repository to save your AI Agent.
8. The **Name** and **Identifier** fields are automatically populated. Optionally, you can edit them to your preference.
9. Select the **Technology** as `Ballerina`.
10. Choose the **Integration Type** as `AI Agent` and click **Create**.

This redirects you to the overview page of the AI Agent. Now, let's develop the AI Agent.

## Step 2: Install the Ballerina Integrator extension

1. Click **Install Ballerina Integrator extension** on the overview page. This opens the VSCode extensions page.
2. Click **Install** to install the extension. This installs both **Ballerina Integrator** and **Ballerina** extensions on VSCode.

## Step 3: Set up Ballerina Integrator for the first time
1. Click the Ballerina Integrator icon on the sidebar.
   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-icon.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-icon.png" alt="Ballerina Integrator Icon" width="80%"></a>
2. Click **`Set Up Ballerina Integrator`**. The setup wizard installs and configures the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) distribution required for the Ballerina Integrator.
3. Click **`Restart VS Code`** to complete the setup.
   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-setup.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/bi-setup.gif" alt="Ballerina Integrator Setup" width="80%"></a>

???+ info "Update Ballerina Integrator's Ballerina Distribution"
    The setup wizard installs the Ballerina distribution required for the Ballerina Integrator into the `<USER_HOME>/.ballerina/ballerina-home` directory.
    Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` on Windows and Linux, or `Shift + ⌘ + P` on a Mac and type `Ballerina: Update Ballerina Integrator` to update the installed Ballerina distribution.

## Step 4: Develop AI Agent in VSCode
1. Go to the Overview page of the integration you have created and click **Develop in Ballerina Integrator**. This will clone your project and open in Ballerina Integrator.
2. In the Ballerina Integrator design view, click **Add Artifact**.
3. Select **AI Chat Agent** from the Constructs menu. Since **AI Agent** has been chosen from the Devant console, other options are disabled.
4. Provide the name of the Agent as `MathTutor` and click **Create**. This directs you to the AI Chat Agent diagram view.
5. Click **Create Integration** to create the integration project.
   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/create-integration.gif"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/schedule-your-first-automation/create-integration.gif" alt="Create Integration" width="80%"></a>
6. In the design view, click **Add Construct**.
7. Select **AI Chat Agent** from the Constructs menu.
8. From the left side panel, add a new function. Name it as `multiply`. Add two `decimal` parameters and a `decimal` return type. Add a return node with the expression `a * b`.
9. In the Agent box, click the plus icon to create a tool. Select the `multiply` function you just created.
10. Edit the agent and add 'Math Tutor' as role and an appropriate set of instructions. Eg: "You are a school math tutor assistant. Use the tools to provide answers to students' questions". 

## Step 5: Push to Devant <!-- Todo Update this if this is supported by the Ballerina Integrator extension itself -->
1. Click the **Source Control** icon on the sidebar.
2. Click **+** to stage all changes.
3. Add an appropriate commit message and commit.
4. Click **Sync Changes** to push the changes to remote.

## Step 6: Test and Consume AI Agent
1. Once you push the changes, the overview page of the Devant AI Agent will automatically refresh and show you the **Latest Commit** and automatically builds and shows the **Build Status**.

    !!! note
        The build process may take some time. Once complete, the build status changes to **Success**. You can see the Build History by clicking **Build** in the left navigation.

2. Once the **Build Status** shows `Build completed`, it will be automatically deployed into the development card.
3. Send a prompt to test your Math Tutor agent, such as `What is 2343282 * 392011`. Even though typically LLMs are bad at large multiplication, this agent has tool support to give an accurate answer.

4. After successfully testing, you can promote your AI Agent to production by clicking **Promote** button.

5. Once deployed to production, you can access your AI Agent through the API endpoints and embed it in your applications.
```

# Deploy Your First AI Agent

## Overview

In this guide, you will:

- Create a simple AI Agent that provides math tutoring assistance.
- Use Ballerina Integrator to develop the AI Agent integration.
- Push the AI Agent to Devant from Ballerina Integrator, which will automatically build and deploy it into the development environment.

> - Test the AI Agent by sending prompts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Test the AI Agent by sending prompts using the chat window.
```

> - Create a simple AI Agent that provides math tutoring assistance.
> - Use Ballerina Integrator to develop the AI Agent integration.
> - Push the AI Agent to Devant from Ballerina Integrator, which will automatically build and deploy it into the development environment.
> - Test the AI Agent by sending prompts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Develop a simple AI Agent for math tutoring using Ballerina Integrator.
- Integrate the AI Agent with Devant for automated build and deployment.
- Test the AI Agent by sending prompts in the development environment.
- Promote the AI Agent to production and expose it as an API.
```

> - Create a simple AI Agent that provides math tutoring assistance.
> - Use Ballerina Integrator to develop the AI Agent integration.
> - Push the AI Agent to Devant from Ballerina Integrator, which will automatically build and deploy it into the development environment.
> - Test the AI Agent by sending prompts.
> - Promote it to the production environment and use it as an API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Develop a simple AI Agent for math tutoring using Ballerina Integrator.
- Integrate the AI Agent with Devant for automated build and deployment.
- Test the AI Agent by sending prompts in the development environment.
- Promote the AI Agent to production and expose it as an API.
```

<!-- Todo add a YouTube video tutorial for this quick start -->

## Prerequisites

> 1. GitHub account: [Create a GitHub account](https://github.com/signup) if you don't have one already.
> 2. If signing in to Devant for the first time, create an organization:
>     1. Go to [https://console.devant.dev/](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in using Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account.
>     2. Enter a unique organization name. For example, `Stark Industries`.
>     3. Read and accept the privacy policy and terms of use and click **Create**.
> 3. VSCode: [Install VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) if you don't have it installed already.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. GitHub Account: [Sign up for GitHub](https://github.com/signup) if you don’t already have an account.
2. Devant Access (for first-time users):
    1. Visit [Devant Console](https://console.devant.dev/) and sign in with Google, GitHub, or Microsoft.
    1. Create an organization by entering a unique name (e.g., Stark Industries).
    1. Accept the privacy policy and terms, then click Create.
3. VS Code: [Download and install VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) if you haven’t already.
```
